Peter Tran Huynh
CSCI 4239 (Advance Graphics)
Spring 2017
University of Colorado Boulder
Project Proposal

---Project-Proposal---
I would like to spent the next six weeks working on an iOS app that uses OpenGL ES 2.0.
I hope to animate some sort of scene involving cooking food. This can be done through
shaders as I plan to add simple noise and distortion (heat rippling) shaders on a 
food items that has lighting & texture. The scene will be relatively simple, as iOS dev
seems to be the limiting factor for this project, but should provide a sizable challenge.
I intend on implementing other topics taught in the class as well.

Things I will definitely do:
- iOS OpenGL
- Texture for food
- Shaders for lighting, noise/distortion

Things I will do if time permits / Stretch Goals:
- Particle Shader to animate smoke or ash (over cooking based on a timer)


---Assignment-Description---
Describe in about a page the project you want to do. Include as much detail as 
you have right now. The purpose of this assignment is to have you think through 
what it is that you want to do, what it is going to take, and what you can get 
done by the end of the semester.

You have six weeks to complete the project.  I expect an effort
approximately equal to all of the homeworks combined, so make sure that your 
project is sufficiently ambitious.  DO NOT leave this until the last week.
Also remember that the project counts as half the grade.

To help you stay on track, you should have at least something that will compile 
and run by April 20 for me to review. The projects should be ready for final 
review by the last week of class.

If you are writing a graphical front end to a simulator or data analysis
program, make sure that you don't bite off more than you can chew as far as the 
"physics" are concerned. The same is true for writing a game. Concentrate on the 
graphical end of it, not making the game elements do clever things.

It is very important that you make clear what you will definitely do, and what
you will do as time allows.  I am basing my judgment of the sufficiency of
your proposal on what you will definitely do, and will hold you to that in the
final submittal.

Let me know what your stretch goals are.  If your proposal is not sufficiently
ambitious, I can use that to suggest which of the stretch goals you should
commit to do.

PLEASE REVIEW MY FEEDBACK ON THIS ASSIGNMENT. If your project is not sufficiently
advanced, I will let you know in the feedback.
